= About adrelanos =
This page is about adrelanos, a person who maintains Whonix. It explains, how to contact me and what the caveats are.

== Mirrors of this site ==
Github:
* https://github.com/Whonix/Whonix/blob/master/adrelanos.mediawiki
* Github.com is accessible over SSL, see SSL security below.

Sourceforge:
* http://whonix.sf.net/adrelanos
* Not even SSL.

Torproject.org Wiki:
* https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor/wiki/doc/proper
* Anyone can edit the torproject.org wiki and exchange content with malicious one. Therefore check the history feature. Obviously I do trust Tor and torproject.org. Edits by my wiki account "proper" should be genuine. 

== Mirrors of adrelanos OpenPGP key ==
savannah.gnu.org profile page
* https://savannah.gnu.org/people/viewgpg.php?user_id=89289
* The following command is recommended to enforce downloading the key over SSL.
* ## Not forced through Tor, unless you are using Whonix, torsocks or similar.
* curl --tlsv1 --proto =https --output adrelanos.asc.4 https://savannah.gnu.org/people/viewgpg.php?user_id=89289

OpenPGP keyserver
* No SSL.
* Should really be only used as a mirror.
* ## Not forced through Tor, unless you are using Whonix, torsocks or similar.
* gpg --keyserver x-hkp://pool.sks-keyservers.net --recv-keys 9B157153925C303A42253AFB9C131AD3713AAEEF

== SSL security ==
Note, that the SSL public certificate authority system is not to be trusted, since the recent major security breaks. (Comodo, DigiNotar)

== Contact me by e-mail ==
I do not trust any e-mail providers. They can shut down or impersonate my account at any time. If that concerns you, read OpenPGP security below.

<pre>
adrelanos at riseup period net
</pre>

== OpenPGP security ==

OpenPGP is, as it is, secure. The tricky thing is the web of trust model and being sure, you got the right OpenPGP key.

As an anonymous developer, I can't use the web of trust and get my key signed. The key can be found here, within the file adrelanos.asc on github and on mirros of this page. Check the fingerprint of the key.

All mirrors of my personal site, do also have the power to exchange my OpenPGP key with a malicious one. It's unlikely, that all mirrors will cooperate and tamper with my OpenPGP key.

After all, an OpenPGP key only proves, that a message was signed with a specific key id. It doesn't prove, if I am a genuine or evil developer or even a whole entity.

See also:
* https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Trusting_Whonix_Signing_Key
* https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Trust

== OpenPGP fingerprint ==

<pre>
gpg --fingerprint 9B157153925C303A42253AFB9C131AD3713AAEEF

pub   4096R/713AAEEF 2012-03-02
      Key fingerprint = 9B15 7153 925C 303A 4225  3AFB 9C13 1AD3 713A AEEF
uid                  adrelanos (adrelanos at riseup period net)
sub   4096R/794279C4 2012-03-02
</pre>

== OpenPGP public key ==

Due to signing this message, "-----" got converted to "- -----". If you want to copy the public key below, and see "- -----", please remove the "- " beforehand.

<pre>
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=l8ma
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
</pre>

