whonix_firewall(8) -- Whonix-Workstation Firewall
=============================================

<span class="comment">
## This file is part of Whonix.
## Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer <adrelanos@riseup.net>
## See the file COPYING for copying conditions.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS

`whonix_firewall`

## DESIGN NOTES

* Whonix-Workstation Firewall is only a second, optional, extra firewall.
* Whonix-Workstation Firewall is disabled by default.
* Whonix-Gateways Firewall is responsible for routing all traffic over Tor.
* Whonix-Workstation Firewall is much less important than the
  Whonix-Gateway Firewall.
* Staying anonymous, is by Whonix design, not dependent on Whonix-Workstations
  Firewall. You could drop this firewall at all and were still anonymous.
  This was always and will always be that way for all Whonix versions.
* It can not be made default, because the user has to be aware of it.
  Some things would mysteriously break otherwise.
* Whonix-Workstation Firewall script provides only damage limitation.
* Some additional security.
* For example, if Tor on Whonix-Gateway were compromised through a
  zero day exploit, it were harder to attack Whonix-Workstation, which might
  contain confidential data.
* In future, there will be an optional feature, to chain more than one
  Gateway, you can have a separate Gateway for SSH, proxy or VPN which all
  will be independent from each other.
* When using multiple Whonix-Workstations, this offers some protection from
  attacks from compromised other Whonix-Workstations, see
  Whonix Online Documentation, Advanced Security Guide for details.
* Whonix-Workstation Firewall might also enhance the connectivity of certain
  custom installed applications, because it rejects traffic, which is
  not supported by Tor so or so, such as UDP and ICMP. For example, ping
  will fail instantly (reject), instant of waiting for a timeout (drop).

## CONFIGURATION FOLDER
`/etc/whonix_firewall.d/`

## RETURN VALUES

0 Success

1 Error

## EXAMPLE

`sudo whonix_firewall`

## WWW

https://www.whonix.org

## AUTHOR

This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
