time_privacy(1) -- keep your time private
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# This file is part of Whonix.
# Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS
`time_privacy` [options]

## DESCRIPTION
Timeprivacy can keep your time private. You can create wrappers for
applications (such as git, gpg, etc.) and timeprivacy will feed those
applications with a fake time, which obfuscates at which time you really used
that applications (such as when you made the git commit or when you signed that
document).

It does NOT set your time zone to UTC.

## OPTIONS

  * -h

    help

  * -d day

    day

  * -m month

    month

  * -y year

    year

  * -i seconds

    increment in seconds (0-60)

  * -r <seconds>

    random increment in seconds (0-60)

  * -f history folder

    history folder

## EXIT CODES
0 Success

1 Error

## EXAMPLE
`time_privacy`

`time_privacy -d 30 -m 12 -y 2013 -i 10 -f /tmp/`

`sudo time_privacy -d 30 -m 12 -y 2013 -r -f /tmp/`

## DEMONSTRATION
Create a file /usr/local/bin/tpdate.

    #!/bin/bash
    faketime "$(time_privacy)" date ${1+"$@"}

Try.

    ~ $ tpdate
    Fri May  3 00:00:01 UTC 2013
    ~ $ tpdate
    Fri May  3 00:00:02 UTC 2013
    ~ $ tpdate
    Fri May  3 00:00:03 UTC 2013
    ~ $ tpdate
    Fri May  3 00:00:04 UTC 2013
    ~ $ tpdate
    Fri May  3 00:00:05 UTC 2013`

Let's try something more interesting. Let's add timeprivacy to git. We need to
create a wrapper. It will take precedence over /usr/bin/git, thus run faketime
and timeprivacy before git itself. Create a file /usr/local/bin/git.

    #!/bin/bash
    prog=git
    faketime "$(time_privacy)" $prog ${1+"$@"}

## UPSTREAMING
This script has been
[merged](https://github.com/wolfcw/libfaketime/pull/16#issuecomment-17706741)
into [libfaketime](https://github.com/wolfcw/libfaketime)
([src](https://github.com/wolfcw/libfaketime/blob/master/src/timeprivacy)).

It may show up as `timeprivacy` in the faketime package at some point.
Therefore timeprivacy is called time_privacy to avoid a conflict when that
happens.

## DEVELOPMENT / PATCHES / FEATURE REQUESTS / BUG REPORTS
You can leave feedback and/or contribute in
[adrelanos's timeprivacy github repository](https://github.com/adrelanos/timeprivacy)
or to [libfaketime](https://github.com/wolfcw/libfaketime/issues) and mention
@adrelanos as far as timeprivacy is concerned.

## SEE ALSO
`faketime`(1)

## AUTHOR
This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
