uwt(1) -- hack to add stream isolation support to torsocks
=============================================

<span class="comment">
## This file is part of Whonix.
## Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
## See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

## Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
## angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
## must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)
</span>

## SYNOPSIS
`uwt` [-h] [-v] -t server_type -i ip -p port command [options...]

## DESCRIPTION
Uwt is a hack, which can be used to add stream isolation support to torsocks as
long as torsocks does not have native stream isolation support.

## OPTIONS

  * -h

    help

  * -v

    Verbose output. Optional.

  * -t server_type

    Server type <4> or <5>. Mandatory.

  * -i ip

    IP address of the proxy. Mandatory.

  * -p port

    Port of the proxy. Mandatory.

  * command

    Application you want to start. Mandatory.

  * [options...]

    Any options you wish to forward to the application uwt is supposed to
    start. Optional.

## EXIT CODES
Anything the application started by uwt returns.

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
   * Anything torsocks supports, since uwt calls torsocks. See `torsocks`(1).

   * UWT_VERBOSE

You can also type in shell:

    export UWT_VERBOSE="1"

to enable verbose output.

   * UWT_DEV_PASSTHROUGH

UWT_DEV_PASSTHROUGH is only supported in Whonix.
Only supposed to be used by developers.
Torsocks will not be used.
Traffic will be send in the clear.
Thus, if behind a transparent proxy, traffic will go through that transparent proxy.
Just as uwt would not be used.
This is useful for development and building Whonix.

    export UWT_DEV_PASSTHROUGH="1"

## EXAMPLES MANUAL USE
`uwt -t 5 -i 127.0.0.1 -p 9050 wget https://check.torproject.org`

`sudo uwt -t 5 -i 192.168.0.10 -p 9104 /usr/bin/apt-get.whonix-orig --yes dist-upgrade`

## EXAMPLES WRAPPER USE
If you wish enforce the proxy settings without entering such a long command
every time, you can use a wrapper. The wrapper has to be placed in PATH
('echo $PATH') before the real executable.

    #!/bin/bash
    set -x
    uwt -t 5 -i 192.168.0.10 -p 9109 /usr/bin/wget ${1+"$@"}

From now, any invocation of wget will automatically have uwt added in front of
it.

## WWW
https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor/wiki/doc/torsocks

## FUTURE
Please help upstream testing the feature
["add stream isolation support to torsocks"](https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor/ticket/8053)
and if you can, please review their patch, so this hack can be retired.

## SEE ALSO
`torsocks`(1)

## AUTHOR
This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
