whonixcheck(1) -- checks anonymity and security status in Whonix
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# This file is part of Whonix.
# Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS
`whonixcheck` [options]

## DESCRIPTION
Whonixcheck is a tool, which checks the state of many aspects of Whonix, which
is important for providing anonymity and security.

## EXTENDED DESCRIPTION
Checks if,

* Your network connection is functional.
* You are connected to Tor.

Shows,

* Your external IP address(es).
* Installed Tor Browser version. (Only on Whonix-Workstation)
* Latest Tor Browser version. (Only on Whonix-Workstation)
* Available operating system updates.
* Installed Whonix version.
* Latest Whonix version.
* Important Whonix News.

Downloads,

* Whonix Important Blog. (Only on Whonix-Workstation)
* Whonix Feature Blog. (Only on Whonix-Workstation)

This script,

* Will break, if https://check.torproject.org is down or content of that page is changed.
* Will break, if http://sourceforge.net/projects/whonixdevelopermetafiles/files/internal/news/ is down.
* Works in command line interface and under X Window System.

## OPTIONS

  * -v, --verbose

    Verbose output. Outputs results from tests that succeeded, that would
    otherwise only complain if there was an issue.

  * -e, --debug

    Debug output. Enables xtrace and enables curl output.

## EXIT CODES
0 Success

1 Error

## EXAMPLE
`whonixcheck`

`whonixcheck -v`

## WWW
https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Whonixcheck

## AUTHOR
This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
