whonix_repository(8) -- enable, configure or disable Whonix apt repository
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# This file is part of Whonix.
# Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS

`whonix_repository` [option]

## DESCRIPTION

Enables or disables Whonix apt repository.

Default action, if no option is given, is starting Whonix repository graphical
user interface.

Default distribution (version of Whonix) is stable.

## OPTIONS
  * --enable

    Enables Whonix apt repository.
    Creates a config file
    for the user in /root/.whonix.d/35_aptrepository_autogenerated and applies
    changes.

  * --disable

    Disables Whonix apt repository.
    Creates a config file
    for the user in /root/.whonix.d/35_aptrepository_autogenerated and applies
    changes.

  * --codename <codename>

    Chose either the stable, testers or developers version of Whonix. Only
    useful in combination with `--enable`.

  * --gui

    Start Whonix repository graphical user interface. Creates a config file
    for the user in /root/.whonix.d/35_aptrepository_autogenerated and applies
    changes.

  * --just

    Do not auto-create a config file for the user in
    /root/.whonix.d/35_aptrepository_autogenerated. Only parses /etc/whonix.d
    and /root/.whonix.d/ and apply changes. This is useful if you manually made
    changes in /etc/whonix.d and /root/.whonix.d/ and just want to apply your
    configuration.

  * --verbose

    Verbose output

## ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
  * WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRUST_ENV

    In case the environment variable WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRUST_ENV is set to _1_,
    Whonix apt repository will be disabled in any case, no matter what
    option is given. If you want that, create a file /etc/environment and add

    `WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRUST_ENV=1`

    reboot and run `whonix_repository` after reboot. This will ensure, that the
    Whonix apt repository will always be disabled, even if you manually
    updated Whonix.

 * WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRIBUTION_ENV

   In case the environment variable WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRIBUTION_ENV is set to codename,
   i.e. to stable, testers or developers, this distribution will always be
   used, also in case, Whonix gets updated. If you want to use anything else
   than stable, create a file /etc/environment and add for example

   `WHONIX_APT_REPOSITORY_DISTRIBUTION_ENV=testers`

   reboot and run `whonix_repository` after reboot. This will ensure, that
   always that distribution (Whonix version) will be used.

## CONFIG FILE

Read the comments in `/etc/whonix.d/30_aptrepository_default`.

## RETURN VALUES

0 Success

1 Error

## EXAMPLES

`sudo whonix_repository`

`sudo whonix_repository --gui`

`sudo whonix_repository --enable --codename stable`

`sudo whonix_repository --enable --verbose`

`sudo whonix_repository --disable`

`sudo whonix_repository --disable --verbose`

`sudo whonix_repository --just`

## WWW

https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Trust

## AUTHOR

This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
